oh yeah
it's now been a week since lu iranian
cora moved down to the release site here
in Tsavo National Park I'm keen to see
whether they've really settled into life
in their new home and the mid day mud
water is where I'm hoping to find out
a week ago our two little elephants from
Nairobi Louie Laney and Korra didn't
want to know about this another Waller
it was just like that's far too dirty
for us but they're just having the time
of their lives they have slotted in to
the routine here at a fun but perfectly
and I could get very muddy any minute
but the you know the beauty of the whole
system is that those little elephants
they make the transition they learn how
to be little elephants and then they're
brought here and they graduate to a
Thumba which is where eventually they
will go back to the wild and I am
certainly gonna need a bath after this I
should have guessed that that friendly
little elephant under all that sticky
mud was Louie Laney and I reckon that
says it all about how well she's taken
to her new life
there are 24 young elephants living here
all growing up strong and healthy and
preparing for a life back in the wild
and ultimately the benefits they bring
to this environment will be immense all
the wild elephants were poached out of
this area in the 80s but the presence of
this herd of orphans will help to
encourage the elephant's back they'll
open up game trails and promote the
growth of grasslands making a sambar a
better place for all the tsavo wildlife
we've seen five little elephants move
down here from the nursery in the last
few months and it's great to know that
they're all thriving in their new home
how Lowell a nice little friendly Kenna
is getting on without her do you know I
reckon Lu Eleni leaving is the making of
McKenna suddenly she's realized that
there's more to life than sucking Lu
Lanie's ear she's become a lot more
independent in the last couple of days
you can see a lot more feisty she's even
beginning to mother little Chu Lu here
right I think that when it's her time
she's gonna be a fabulous little mini
matriarch McKenna is growing up quickly
and proving how resilient she is
but the little elephant who's made the
most progress is Simba he's bursting
with energy out with the herd every day
and sticking like glue to his neighbor
and now adoptive mom Luigi being the
tiniest the keepers all adore him
but Simba is totally devoted to loyal
despite what he's been through and the
fact that he's only a couple of months
old
Simba loves to wrestle with some of the
bigger bulls in the herd and if he's not
rolling around with the boys then a roll
in the dirt will do just as well but
it's bedtime which says so much about
how little Simba has fitted into life
with his new family of people and
elephants he's so attached to no job
that he tries to sneak into her stable
to spend the night with him but round
here is strictly one elephant per stable
and shimmer is tempted back to his own
room with a warm bottle of milk
but Lloyd Jacque is only next door